Jiang Caicai, stop for me
So you're here for an interview
Don't look in the mirror to see what you are
Door to Story Group
You can't get in if you want
Do you mean you are watching the door at Story Group?
you
Say it!
Afraid of your extreme death
And me?
She is the girlfriend of Gu Zhenting, the president of Story Group
The future CEO's wife
After Jiang Xue attached himself to a certain president
Immediately kicked me and my mother out of the Jiang family
Support him as the mother of the third child
I didn't expect him to cling to the president
It turned out to be Gu Zhengting, the richest man in Haicheng
Mrs. President
What are you dreaming about?
It's been 5 years, people want to marry you, they have already married you, right?
Play with you, you are serious
You really owe it to eat cilantro vegetables.
He hit me
you
Mommy, haha.
Haha, 5 minutes to 24 hours.
Miss Jiang, you are going to lose
Showing the hand of death is not necessarily
I'm going to Story Group today.
The conditions mentioned are
Must pay 50,000 dollars in advance
Must call today
Salary before joining the job
Do you think Story Group will hit people?
Doudou tell you daddy
Mommy answered correctly with strength
hopeless